purchase system -> (orders added to db) -> db -> (sort) -> sales rank data
-> frontend

1. Analytics are expensive.

- Instead of listing every purchase in our database, we'll store just the total
  sales from the last week broken into separate days. This is essentially like
  a circular array. Each day, we clear out the corresponding day of the week.
  We will also need a separate table to store the associations of product IDs
  and categories. To get the sales rank, we'll need to join these tables.

2. Database writes are very frequent.

- For this reason, you would want to batch up the database writes. Instead of
  committing each purchase to the database, we could store purchases in some
  sort of in-memory cache (as well as a log file as a backup). Periodically,
  we'll process the log / cache data, gather the totals, and update the
  database.
- We need to be a bit careful here, though. If we process one product's logs
  before another's, and re-run the stats in between, we would create a bias in
  the data.

3. Joins are expensive.

- We could just do one join of products and categories, such that each product
  will be listed once per category. Then, if we sorted that on category and
  then product ID, we could just walk the results to get the sales rank for
  each category.

4. Database queries might still be expensive.

- Alternatively, if the queries and writes get very expensive, we could
  consider forgoing a database entirely and just using log files. This would
  allow us to take advantage of something like MapReduce.
