Naive solution would be one that pulls bank data on each login, categorizes
all the data and then analyzes the user's budget. This would not fit
the requirements as we want email notifs on particular events.

Bank data, therefore, should be pulled hourly or daily. The frequency may
depend on the behavior of the users. Less active users may have their accounts
checked less frequently.

Once new data arrives, it is stored in some list of raw, unproccessed
transactions. This data is then pushed to the categorizer, which assigns each
transaction to a category and stores these categorized transactions in another
datastore.

The budget analyzer pulls in the categorized transactions, updates each user's
budget per category, and stores the user's budget.

The frontend pulls data from both the categorized transactions datastore as
well as from the budget datastore.

This is a data-heavy system.

We will almost certainly want at least one task queue. These tasks will likely
have some sort of priority associated with them. We will also want to ensure
all tasks get done eventually. That is, we wouldn't want a low priority task to
essentially "starve" because there are always higher priority tasks.

We should also consider incorporating the knowledge (or assumption) that a
system like this will probably have a large number of inactive users - users
who signed up once and then haven't touched the system since. We may want to
either remove them from the system entirely or deprioritize their accounts.
We'll want some system to track their account activity and associate
priority with their accounts.

The biggest bottleneck in our system will likely be the massive amount of
data that needs to be pulled and analyzed. We should be able to fetch the
bank data asynchronously and run these tasks across many servers.

Should we use a standard database for this? With lots of transactions coming
in at once, that might not be very effecient. We certainly don't want to do
a bunch of joins.

It may be better instead to just store the transactions to a set of flat text
files.
