Things to consider:

- Client ease of use - We want the service to be easy for the clients to
  implement and useful for them.
- Ease for ourselves - This service should be as easy as possible for us to
  implement, as we shouldn't impose unnecessary work on ourselves. We need
  to consider in this not only the cost of implementing, but the cost
  of maintenance.
- Flexibility in future demands - Ideally, we do not want to overly
  constraint ourselves in the implementation, such that we cannot be
  flexible if the requirements change or demands change.
- Scalability and effeciency- We should be mindful of the efficiency of
  our solution, so as not to overly burden our service.

Proposal 1

- Simple text file and let clients download the data through some sort of FTP
  server.
- Advantages:
  - Easy to maintain.
- Disadvantages:
  - Will require complex parsing to do any sort of query.

Proposal 2

- Standard SQL database.
- Advantages:
  - Facilitates an easy way for the clients to do query processing over the
    data.
  - Rolling back, backing up data and security could be provided.
  - Reasonably easy for the clients to integrate into existing applications.
    SQL integration is a standard feature in software development
    environments.
- Disadvantages:
  - Much heavier weight than we really need. We don't necessarily need all
    the complexity of a SQL backend to support a feed of a few bits of
    information.
  - Difficult for humans to be able to read, so we will likely need to
    implement an additional layer to view and maintain. Increases
    implementation cost.
  - Security. Even if clients aren't doing anything "malicious", they might
    perform expensive and inefficient queries and our servers would bear
    the costs of that.

Proposal 3

- XML.
- Advantages:
  - Easy to distribute. Easily read by both machines and humans. This is one
    reason that XML is a standard model to share and distribute data.
  - Most languages have a library to perform XML parsing, so it reasonably
    easy to implement.
  - We can add new data to the XML file by adding additional nodes.
  - Since the data is being stored as XML files, we can use existing tools
    for backing up the data.
- Disadvantages:
  - This solution sends the clients all the info, even if they only want part
    of it. This is ineffecient.
  - Performing any queries on the data requires parsing the entire file.

Regardless of which solution for data storage, we could provide a web service
(e.g., SOAP) for client data access. This adds a layer to our work, but it can
provide additional security and it may even make it easier for our clients
to integrate the system.
